First, make sure that the eggs and milk are room temperature. Don't use them right away if they are too cold. Once they have warmed up, 
put them in a bowl and mix carefully, so that it won't make bubbles. Take your time, because it needs to be combined well, but don't
mix vigorously because you don't want it getting too frothy. Once these are mixed, add the vannilla essence and 10 tbsp of the sugar and mix it in until the sugar dissolves.(again, don't mix too fast) Set this aside.

Take a saucepan and add in the remaining 8 tbsp of sugar. Light the stove on low to medium flame, then start mixing. Don't stop micxing the sugar, especially when it starts to melt, because you don't want to let it stick to the pan. Once the sugar has caramelized, take it offthe stove and quickly pour it into a pan. (Preferably a small cake pan.) Slowly pour in the mixture you made before over the caramel. Cover the pan with a towel or aluminium foil.

Take a pot bigger than the one you just poured the batter and caramel into. Put in water and let it boil. Once the water is boiling, put the pan full of batter and caramel into the pot of water. Cover the bigger pot with a lid. Wait about 5 to 10 minutes and check if it is cooked by inserting a toothpick into the middle of the pudding. If it comes out clean, it is ready. If it doesn't, leave to boil for a few more minutes and keep checking with the toothpick now and then. Once it is done cooking, turn off the stove and put a plate over the pan of pudding. Hold the plate tightly over the pan and flip quickly. Tap the bottom of the pan that you just turned on to the plate and then lift it off to reveal your pudding. Keep it aside to cool, then put it in the fridge to chill for about 4 hours. Then, enjoy!!